Determining the best hyperparameters (the parameters used
by backpropagation) is a challenging task, especially as the
heuristics for deep learning grow more complicated. The
parameters are interrelated and there can be a fairly large
number of them. For example, in this work there are 11
different hyperparameters that can be modified to effect the
training algorithm (see Section VII). How to best determine
these hyperparameters is still an open problem, and can be
very time consuming

\section{Robust hand gesture recognition}
%\section{New framework to solve the inter-subject variability}
This chapter describes the robustness of the sEMG based hand gesture recognition. Different from accuracy and reliability, the robustness is an important evaluation indicator especially when considering the practical performance of hand gesture recognition. Basically, we argue that the robustness of the sEMG based hand gesture classifier can be defined as the ability of against different variability dimensions. The key of designing a robust classifier is to find invariant features or design a new framework.

The current contribution of this chapter is that we proposed a framework to reduce the inter-subject variability on the sEMG-based hand gesture recognition. We found that a referencing  min-max  normalisation  approach can be used  to  re-weight  the  source  domain  sEMG data, and therefore to reduce the  domain  shift. The results are compared to the state-of-the-art transfer learning approach.

%\section{Comprehensive analysis on the robustness of sEMG-based hand gesture recognition}

Since we cannot calculate AUC in cases, when no positive
samples are available (e.g., hold-out set for Dog 2 and Dog
3), we will be gradually merging samples from different sets
and comparing the results.


Using the number of epochs obtained from early stopping we
retrain the model using the combined train and validation sets.
After retraining the model we evaluate it on the holdout test
set.
